Reviewing <root>/tests/addons/background-page-module
schema local:<root>/tests/schema-fixture · Thunderbird 128.0 · manifest_version 3

── Issues ──

Thank you for your submission. We appreciate the effort you’ve put into creating this add-on. However, it cannot be accepted and hosted on addons.thunderbird.net in its current form. The following findings caused the submission to be rejected:

1) The following background page code location(s) load a script that uses ES module syntax (import/export), but the <script> tag is not declared type="module", so Thunderbird will fail to load the background page. Add type="module" to the <script> tag.
 - background.html:5

── Manual review ──

Continue manual review for the following checks:

1) Check the submission for spam: Inspect the listing (name, summary,
   description, screenshots) and the add-on itself. Determine if it looks like
   spam or contains inappropriate, misleading, or low-effort content.
This add-on contains inappropriate content.

2) Test the add-on and request testing information if needed: Test the add-on’s
   functionality in a test profile, and check if it needs additional information
   like credentials in order to continue the review.
Please provide us with detailed information on how to test this add-on. If authentication to a website is necessary, give us a test username and password to facilitate our work. This can be provided in the Whiteboard field, which can be found in the Edit Listing page under the Technical Details section. This information is only available to reviewers.

3) Check for "No Surprises" policy violations: Test the add-on’s functionality
   in a test profile and inspect the code for any unexpected features or
   behavior that is not documented on the ATN listing page and could be a
   surprise to the user. A diff against the last accepted version may be
   helpful.
Your add-on includes a feature that is not related to its primary function and is not mentioned in the description of your add-on listing page on ATN (addons.thunderbird.net). This feature must be strictly opt-in: <name of feature>.

4) Check for a missing payment disclosure: Test the add-on’s functionality in a
   test profile. Verify whether the add-on requires a subscription or other form
   of payment to function but the "needs payment" flag on the add-on’s ATN
   listing page is not enabled.
It looks like a payment is required to use this add-on or the service this add-on relies on, either upfront, after a trial period or in conjunction with a paid software. If so, we need to ask you to update the payment status to yes.

5) Check suitability for listing: Judge whether the add-on targets a limited or
   non-public audience (for example an internal, single-organization, or
   test-only add-on) and should better self-hosted than publicly listed on ATN.
Due to its limited or non-public audience, this add-on is not suitable for listing on ATN (addons.thunderbird.net). Please consider self-hosting and distributing it yourself.

6) Acceptable Use Policy: Check the name, summary, description, and screenshots
   against Mozilla’s Acceptable Use Policy
   (https://www.mozilla.org/about/legal/acceptable-use/).
The name, summary, description, and/or or screenshot(s) of this extension contain content that does not comply with Mozilla’s Acceptable Use Policy (https://www.mozilla.org/about/legal/acceptable-use/).

7) Check the icon for trademark or logo imitation: Inspect the add-on’s icon, if
   it imitates or incorporates the Thunderbird or Mozilla logo.
This add-on’s icon imitates or incorporates a Mozilla trademark (the Thunderbird or Mozilla logo), which is not allowed under Mozilla’s Trademark Policy (https://www.mozilla.org/foundation/trademarks/policy/). Please use a distinct icon.

8) Missing ATN description or details: Verify that the add-on listing page on
   ATN includes detailed instructions on how to use the add-on and where to find
   its entry points. It should also include screenshots to help users quickly
   understand how the add-on works.
The add-on listing page on ATN (addons.thunderbird.net) should include detailed instructions on how to use the add-on and where to find its entry points. Please also include screenshots to help users quickly understand how the add-on works.

9) Missing English ATN localization: Verify that the ATN listing page also has
   an English version.
The add-on listing page on ATN (addons.thunderbird.net) should also have an English localization. English serves as the default language in Thunderbird, and most users who do not understand the available non-English version will most likely be able to read English.

── Summary ──

1 error(s), 0 warning(s), 0 info, 9 manual review step(s)