── Issues ──

Thank you for your submission. We appreciate the effort you’ve put into creating this add-on. However, it cannot be accepted and hosted on addons.thunderbird.net in its current form. The following findings caused the submission to be rejected:

1) The manifest declares default_locale but the add-on ships no _locales directory, so Thunderbird will refuse to load the add-on. Add the _locales/<lang>/messages.json files, or remove default_locale.
 - manifest.json:5

── Extended manual review ──

Continue manual review for the following checks:

1) Missing English localization: This add-on ships no English localization, so
   user-facing text may be hardcoded in another language. Review its strings by
   hand and confirm if an English localization is provided.
Suggested response: Please include an English localization. English serves as the default language in Thunderbird, and most users who do not understand the hardcoded language will most likely be able to read English. The i18n API allows defining strings for multiple locales, and Thunderbird automatically selects the one that best matches the user’s interface language.
An example can be found here: https://github.com/thunderbird/webext-examples/tree/master/manifest_v2/i18n

── Standard manual review ──

Continue manual review for the following checks:

1) Check the submission for spam: Inspect the listing (name, summary,
   description, screenshots) and the add-on itself. Determine if it looks like
   spam or contains inappropriate, misleading, or low-effort content.
Suggested response: This add-on contains inappropriate content.

2) Test the add-on and request testing information if needed: Test the add-on’s
   functionality in a test profile, and check if it needs additional information
   like credentials in order to continue the review.
Suggested response: Please provide us with detailed information on how to test this add-on. If authentication to a website is necessary, give us a test username and password to facilitate our work. This can be provided in the Whiteboard field, which can be found in the Edit Listing page under the Technical Details section. This information is only available to reviewers.

3) Check for "No Surprises" policy violations: Test the add-on’s functionality
   in a test profile and inspect the code for any unexpected features or
   behavior that is not documented on the ATN listing page and could be a
   surprise to the user. A diff against the last accepted version may be
   helpful.
Suggested response: Your add-on includes a feature that is not related to its primary function and is not mentioned in the description of your add-on listing page on ATN (addons.thunderbird.net). This feature must be strictly opt-in: <name of feature>.

4) Check for a missing payment disclosure: Test the add-on’s functionality in a
   test profile. Verify whether the add-on requires a subscription or other form
   of payment to function but the "needs payment" flag on the add-on’s ATN
   listing page is not enabled.
Suggested response: It looks like a payment is required to use this add-on or the service this add-on relies on, either upfront, after a trial period or in conjunction with a paid software. If so, we need to ask you to update the payment status to yes.

5) Check suitability for listing: Judge whether the add-on targets a limited or
   non-public audience (for example an internal, single-organization, or
   test-only add-on) and should better self-hosted than publicly listed on ATN.
Suggested response: Due to its limited or non-public audience, this add-on is not suitable for listing on ATN (addons.thunderbird.net). Please consider self-hosting and distributing it yourself.

6) Acceptable Use Policy: Check the name, summary, description, and screenshots
   against Mozilla’s Acceptable Use Policy
   (https://www.mozilla.org/about/legal/acceptable-use/).
Suggested response: The name, summary, description, and/or or screenshot(s) of this extension contain content that does not comply with Mozilla’s Acceptable Use Policy (https://www.mozilla.org/about/legal/acceptable-use/).

7) Check the icon for trademark or logo imitation: Inspect the add-on’s icon, if
   it imitates or incorporates the Thunderbird or Mozilla logo.
Suggested response: This add-on’s icon imitates or incorporates a Mozilla trademark (the Thunderbird or Mozilla logo), which is not allowed under Mozilla’s Trademark Policy (https://www.mozilla.org/foundation/trademarks/policy/). Please use a distinct icon.

8) Missing ATN description or details: Verify that the add-on listing page on
   ATN includes detailed instructions on how to use the add-on and where to find
   its entry points. It should also include screenshots to help users quickly
   understand how the add-on works.
Suggested response: The add-on listing page on ATN (addons.thunderbird.net) should include detailed instructions on how to use the add-on and where to find its entry points. Please also include screenshots to help users quickly understand how the add-on works.

9) Missing English ATN localization: Verify that the ATN listing page also has
   an English version.
Suggested response: The add-on listing page on ATN (addons.thunderbird.net) should also have an English localization. English serves as the default language in Thunderbird, and most users who do not understand the available non-English version will most likely be able to read English.

10) Forked add-on: Check if the submission is a fork of an existing add-on. Such
    forks are only allowed on ATN if they are clearly distinguished from the
    original and provide a significant difference in functionality and/or code.
    Exceptions may be made where the add-on is no longer maintained by its
    original author. The primary goal, however, should be to connect the two
    developers and let the new developer help maintain or take over the existing
    add-on. In general, small-change forks of still-active projects cause
    confusion for users and unnecessary overlap for developers. We encourage
    developers to contribute their improvements directly to the original
    project.
Suggested response: The submission appears to be a fork of an existing add-on that is still being actively maintained. According to our review policies (https://thunderbird.github.io/atn-review-policy/):

"If the add-on is a fork of another add-on, the name must clearly distinguish it from the original and provide a significant difference in functionality and/or code. Exceptions may be made in instances where the add-on is no longer maintained by the original author."

Because the original project is still active, your submission does not meet these requirements. Small-change forks can sometimes cause confusion for users and unnecessary overlap for developers. We encourage you to consider contributing your improvements directly to the original project so that all existing users can benefit from your ideas.

── Summary ──

1 error(s), 0 warning(s), 0 info, 11 manual review step(s)