Reviewing <root>/tests/addons/missing-permission
schema local:<root>/tests/schema-fixture · Thunderbird 128.0 · manifest_version 3

── Issues ──

Thank you for your submission. We appreciate the effort you’ve put into creating this add-on. However, it cannot be accepted and hosted on addons.thunderbird.net in its current form. The following findings caused the submission to be rejected:

1) "accountsRead" permission is required here, but is not declared in the manifest. Add it to the requested permissions.
 - background.js:3

2) "messagesMove" permission is required here, but is not declared in the manifest. Add it to the requested permissions.
 - background.js:3

── Manual review ──

Continue manual review for the following checks:

1) Check the submission for spam: Inspect the listing (name, summary,
   description, screenshots) and the add-on itself. Determine if it looks like
   spam or contains inappropriate, misleading, or low-effort content.

2) Test the add-on and request testing information if needed: Test the add-on’s
   functionality in a test profile, and check if it needs additional information
   like credentials in order to continue the review.

3) Check for "No Surprises" policy violations: Test the add-on’s functionality
   in a test profile and inspect the code for any unexpected features or
   behavior that is not documented on the ATN listing page and could be a
   surprise to the user. A diff against the last accepted version may be
   helpful.

4) Check for a missing payment disclosure: Test the add-on’s functionality in a
   test profile. Verify whether the add-on requires a subscription or other form
   of payment to function but the "needs payment" flag on the add-on’s ATN
   listing page is not enabled.

5) Check suitability for listing: Judge whether the add-on targets a limited or
   non-public audience (for example an internal, single-organization, or
   test-only add-on) and should better self-hosted than publicly listed on ATN.

6) Acceptable Use Policy: Check the name, summary, description, and screenshots
   against Mozilla’s Acceptable Use Policy
   (https://www.mozilla.org/about/legal/acceptable-use/).

7) Check the icon for trademark or logo imitation: Inspect the add-on’s icon, if
   it imitates or incorporates the Thunderbird or Mozilla logo.

8) Missing ATN description or details: Verify that the add-on listing page on
   ATN includes detailed instructions on how to use the add-on and where to find
   its entry points. It should also include screenshots to help users quickly
   understand how the add-on works.

9) Missing English ATN localization: Verify that the ATN listing page also has
   an English version.

10) Forked add-on: Check if the submission is a fork of an existing add-on. Such
    forks are only allowed on ATN if they are clearly distinguished from the
    original and provide a significant difference in functionality and/or code.
    Exceptions may be made where the add-on is no longer maintained by its
    original author. The primary goal, however, should be to connect the two
    developers and let the new developer help maintain or take over the existing
    add-on. In general, small-change forks of still-active projects cause
    confusion for users and unnecessary overlap for developers. We encourage
    developers to contribute their improvements directly to the original
    project.

11) Missing English localization: This add-on ships no English localization, so
    user-facing text may be hardcoded in another language. Review its strings by
    hand and confirm if an English localization is provided.

── Summary ──

2 error(s), 0 warning(s), 0 info, 11 manual review step(s)